docs: Add router config options (#64529)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/routing/customizing-route-behavior.md

| `defaultQueryParamsHandling`   | `'replace'`   | Preserve or merge existing query params.                                                                                                   |

### Handle canceled navigations

`canceledNavigationResolution` controls how the Router restores browser history when a navigation is canceled. The default value is `'replace'`, which reverts to the pre-navigation URL with `location.replaceState`. In practice, this means that any time the address bar has already been updated for the navigation, such as with the browser back or forward buttons, the history entry is overwritten with the "rollback" if the navigation fails or is rejected by a guard.
Switching to `'computed'` keeps the in-flight history index in sync with the Angular navigation, so canceling a back button navigation triggers a forward navigation (and vice versa) to return to the original page.

This setting is most helpful when your app uses `urlUpdateStrategy: 'eager'` or when guards frequently cancel popstate navigations initiated by the browser.

```ts
provideRouter(routes, withRouterConfig({ canceledNavigationResolution: 'computed' }));
```

### React to same-URL navigations

> `onSameUrlNavigation` configures what should happen when the user asks to navigate to the current URL. The default `'ignore'` skips work, while `'reload'` re-runs guards and resolvers and refreshes component instances.

Reviewer: LGTM (though maybe just say "keep the default" instead of "sensible default" since it's a bit subjective)

This is useful when you want repeated clicks on a list filter, left-nav item, or refresh button to trigger new data retrieval even though the URL does not change.

```ts
provideRouter(routes, withRouterConfig({ onSameUrlNavigation: 'reload' }));
```

### Control parameter inheritance

> `paramsInheritanceStrategy` defines how route parameters and data flow from parent routes.

Author: I think the same. It would be more convenient. Isn't it possible to evaluate the breaking change along with the migration generation?

I'll update it in a bit.

NOTE: Before implementing custom strategies, ensure the default router behavior doesn't meet your needs. Angular's default routing is optimized for common use cases and provides the best balance of performance and simplicity. Customizing route strategies can create additional code complexity and have performance implications on memory usage if not carefully managed.

## Router configuration options

The `withRouterConfig` or `RouterModule.forRoot` allows providing additional `RouterConfigOptions` to adjust the Router’s behavior.

| Option                            | Default       | When to consider overriding                                                                  |
| --------------------------------- | ------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `canceledNavigationResolution`    | `'replace'`   | Keep browser history aligned with router cancellations triggered by back/forward gestures.   |
| `onSameUrlNavigation`             | `'ignore'`    | Force guards, resolvers, or component refreshes even when the URL does not change.           |

> | `paramsInheritanceStrategy`       | `'emptyOnly'` | Guarantee nested routes receive shared query, or matrix params regardless of path structure. |

Reviewer: this description implies `'always'`

| `urlUpdateStrategy`               | `'deferred'`  | Surface in-flight navigation URLs immediately before navigation finishes.                    |
| `defaultQueryParamsHandling`      | `'replace'`   | Preserve or merge existing query params.                                                     |

> | `resolveNavigationPromiseOnError` | `false`       | Normalize the Promise response across all failed navigations for simpler error handling.     |

Reviewer: Let's omit this one entirely. Nobody uses it and it's on the chopping block for potential removal

### Handle canceled navigations

> `canceledNavigationResolution` controls how the Router restores browser history when a navigation is canceled. The default value is `'replace'`, which rewinds to the pre-navigation URL with `location.replaceState`. Switching to `'computed'` keeps the in-flight history index in sync with the Angular navigation, so canceling a back button navigation triggers a forward navigation (and vice versa) to return to the original page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`canceledNavigationResolution` controls how the Router restores browser history when a navigation is canceled. The default value is `'replace'`, which reverts to the pre-navigation URL with `location.replaceState`. In practice, this means that any time the address bar has already been updated for the navigation, such as with the browser back or forward buttons, the history entry is overwritten with the "rollback" if the navigation fails or is rejected by a guard.

Switching to `'computed'` keeps the in-flight history index in sync with the Angular navigation, so canceling a back button navigation triggers a forward navigation (and vice versa) to return to the original page.
```
